{
  "by" : "eugene-khyst",
  "descendants" : 1,
  "id" : 38011432,
  "kids" : [ 38011922 ],
  "score" : 17,
  "text" : "Hey HN!<p>I want to show my new open-source project <i>ArtistAssistApp</i>.<p><i>ArtistAssistApp</i> - the web app to paint better with ease.<p>Tools for realistic color mixing based on real paints, tonal value drawing, simplified sketching, and more.<p>Import your own photos, select any desired color directly from the image, and learn how to mix it with your paints.\nThe web app provides a step-by-step guide on how to precisely mix that color using your own paints using atomic or optical mixing.\nAtomic mixing is the physical mixing of colors together, while optical mixing is the result of placing a transparent layer of color over another color (glaze technique).<p>Save instructions on how to mix your favorite colors from the paints you have for quick reference.<p>Smooth your photo to reduce detail and focus on the big shapes and proportions of your subject, and learn how to simplify and abstract your paintings.<p>Use tonal value sketches that capture the light and shadow of your subject to learn how to create contrast and depth in your paintings.<p>Works on desktops, laptops, tablets and smartphones.<p>You can try it at &lt;<a href=\"https:&#x2F;&#x2F;artistassistapp.com&#x2F;\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer\">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;artistassistapp.com&#x2F;</a>&gt;. No login or registration required.<p>The source code is available on GitHub &lt;<a href=\"https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;eugene-khyst&#x2F;artistassistapp\">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;eugene-khyst&#x2F;artistassistapp</a>&gt;.",
  "time" : 1698231198,
  "title" : "Show HN: ArtistAssistApp – the web app to paint better with ease",
  "type" : "story",
  "url" : "https://artistassistapp.com/"
}
