{
  "by" : "alex_suzuki",
  "descendants" : 17,
  "id" : 37161184,
  "kids" : [ 37163048, 37161964, 37163041, 37163019, 37162388, 37162869, 37162209, 37163032, 37162063, 37162369 ],
  "score" : 41,
  "text" : "Hi, I&#x27;m Alex - the creator of STRICH (<a href=\"https:&#x2F;&#x2F;strich.io\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer\">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;strich.io</a>), a barcode scanning library for web apps.\nBarcode scanning in web apps is nothing new. In my previous work experience, I&#x27;ve had the opportunity to use both high-end commercial offerings (e.g. Scandit) and OSS libraries like QuaggaJS or ZXing-JS in a wide range of customer projects, mainly in logistics.<p>I became dissatisfied with both. The established commercial offerings had five- to six-figure license fees and the developer experience was not always optimal. The web browser as a platform also seemed not to be the main priority for these players. The open source libraries are essentially unmaintained and not suitable for commercial use due to the lack of support. Also the recognition performance is not enough for some cases - for a detailed comparison see <a href=\"https:&#x2F;&#x2F;strich.io&#x2F;comparison-with-oss.html\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer\">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;strich.io&#x2F;comparison-with-oss.html</a><p>Having dabbled a bit in Computer Vision topics before, and armed with an understanding of the market situation, I set out to build an alternative to fill the gap between the two worlds. After almost two years of on-and-off development and 6 months of piloting with a key customer, STRICH launched at beginning of this year.<p>STRICH is built exclusively for web browsers running on smartphones. I believe the vast majority of barcode scanning apps are in-house line of business apps that benefit from distribution outside of app stores and a single codebase with abundant developer resources. Barcode scanning in web apps is efficient and avoids platform risk and unnecessary costs associated with developing and publishing native apps.",
  "time" : 1692278680,
  "title" : "Show HN: Strich – Barcode scanning for web apps",
  "type" : "story",
  "url" : "https://strich.io"
}
