{
  "by" : "rushingcreek",
  "descendants" : 24,
  "id" : 37267597,
  "kids" : [ 37267818, 37268051, 37268045, 37268012, 37267800, 37267792, 37267950, 37267774, 37267757, 37267876, 37267929 ],
  "score" : 102,
  "text" : "Hi HN,<p>We have fine-tuned CodeLlama-34B and CodeLlama-34B-Python on an internal Phind dataset that achieved 67.6% and 69.5% pass@1 on HumanEval, respectively. GPT-4 achieved 67%. To ensure result validity, we applied OpenAI&#x27;s decontamination methodology to our dataset.<p>The CodeLlama models released yesterday demonstrate impressive performance on HumanEval.<p>- CodeLlama-34B achieved 48.8% pass@1 on HumanEval<p>- CodeLlama-34B-Python achieved 53.7% pass@1 on HumanEval<p>We have fine-tuned both models on a proprietary dataset of ~80k high-quality programming problems and solutions. Instead of code completion examples, this dataset features instruction-answer pairs, setting it apart structurally from HumanEval. We trained the Phind models over two epochs, for a total of ~160k examples. LoRA was not used — both models underwent a native fine-tuning. We employed DeepSpeed ZeRO 3 and Flash Attention 2 to train these models in three hours using 32 A100-80GB GPUs, with a sequence length of 4096 tokens.<p>Furthermore, we applied OpenAI&#x27;s decontamination methodology to our dataset to ensure valid results, and found no contaminated examples.<p>The methodology is:<p>- For each evaluation example, we randomly sampled three substrings of 50 characters or used the entire example if it was fewer than 50 characters.<p>- A match was identified if any sampled substring was a substring of the processed training example.<p>For further insights on the decontamination methodology, please refer to Appendix C of OpenAI&#x27;s technical report.<p>Presented below are the pass@1 scores we achieved with our fine-tuned models:<p>- Phind-CodeLlama-34B-v1 achieved 67.6% pass@1 on HumanEval<p>- Phind-CodeLlama-34B-Python-v1 achieved 69.5% pass@1 on HumanEval<p>Note on GPT-4<p>According to the official technical report in March, OpenAI reported a pass@1 score of 67% for GPT-4&#x27;s performance on HumanEval. Since then, there have been claims reporting higher scores. However, it&#x27;s essential to note that there hasn&#x27;t been any concrete evidence pointing towards an enhancement in the model&#x27;s coding abilities since then. It&#x27;s also crucial to highlight that these elevated figures lack the rigorous contamination analysis that the official statistic underwent, making them less of a reliable comparison. As a result, we consider 67% as the pass@1 score for GPT-4.<p>Download<p>We are releasing both models on Huggingface for verifiability and to bolster the open-source community. We welcome independent verification of results.<p>Phind-CodeLlama-34B-v1: <a href=\"https:&#x2F;&#x2F;huggingface.co&#x2F;Phind&#x2F;Phind-CodeLlama-34B-v1\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer\">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;huggingface.co&#x2F;Phind&#x2F;Phind-CodeLlama-34B-v1</a><p>Phind-CodeLlama-34B-Python-v1: <a href=\"https:&#x2F;&#x2F;huggingface.co&#x2F;Phind&#x2F;Phind-CodeLlama-34B-Python-v1\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer\">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;huggingface.co&#x2F;Phind&#x2F;Phind-CodeLlama-34B-Python-v1</a><p>We&#x27;d love to hear your thoughts!<p>Best,<p>The Phind Team",
  "time" : 1693001303,
  "title" : "Beating GPT-4 on HumanEval with a fine-tuned CodeLlama-34B",
  "type" : "story",
  "url" : "https://www.phind.com/blog/code-llama-beats-gpt4"
}
