{
  "by" : "cmrdporcupine",
  "descendants" : 12,
  "id" : 37624400,
  "kids" : [ 37626285, 37625846, 37626201, 37625782, 37626101, 37626125, 37625905, 37625832, 37626039 ],
  "score" : 48,
  "text" : "I got my start on the Internet in the very early 90s playing with, authoring in, and programming on LambdaMOO (<a href=\"https:&#x2F;&#x2F;en.wikipedia.org&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;LambdaMOO\" rel=\"nofollow noreferrer\">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;en.wikipedia.org&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;LambdaMOO</a>) and similar systems. Shared virtual social spaces, with a persistent object oriented authoring &#x2F; scripting language. They can be classified as MUDs (depending on who you talk to) but the focus is social, creative &#x2F; authoring, and shared programming not RPG gaming.<p>I&#x27;ve always wanted to see this kind of thing modernized and further developed. Over the last 25 years or so I&#x27;ve worked on similar but novel &amp; improved things, but never finished.<p>So I decided to just re-implement LambdaMOO and use that as a base, instead and keep compatibility as a goal, but build it out on a more modern foundation that takes advantage of multiple core machines, newer network protocols, newer connectivity methods, uses MVCC transactions for the shared database etc.<p>LambdaMOO is a somewhat extensive system in that it is composed of compiler, a virtual machine, an object database, user permissions system, network runtime. In some ways it&#x27;s kind of like a shared, text-based Smalltalk image&#x2F;runtime... So quite a bit to implement and get right before it all works together.<p>The big challenge throughout has been slavishly maintaining backwards compatibility so existing &quot;cores&quot; (databases) work.<p>It&#x27;s not done, but it&#x27;s darn close. Would like for people who are into this kind of thing to check it out, and maybe even help.<p>Many of the technical aspects here are still provisional, but this is the start. Constructive assistance welcome.<p>(Yes, it&#x27;s a rewrite in Rust, but that&#x27;s not really the point, even though that&#x27;s a cliche that&#x27;s fun.)",
  "time" : 1695484608,
  "title" : "Show HN: I rewrote the 1990's LambdaMOO server",
  "type" : "story",
  "url" : "https://github.com/rdaum/moor"
}
