---
layout: default
title: Weekly-#4 First insight of LLM accelerate
tags: [Weekly]
---

# Product process

### PopTranslate

Finally find the root reason why my chrome extension was rejected, I put the api_key in .gitignore file and it can't upload to chrome extension store successfully when I upload the zip file. 

Actually I found the root reason thought the crx file generated by chrome extension. After I pointed out this reason, google extension team also responce to my email and tell me this reason, this make me feel valued.

I also published this product on several media platforms, what left me a deep impression was reddit, I put my project so hard on this platforms, as a result, it banned my account after five hours, I deserve it. So I register another account, I need to culture it for several days to express myself more free.

The result after publishing haven't totally show, so, I will summary that in the next week.

### unsloth

Learn "Fast Cross Entropy Loss" in [unsloth blog](https://unsloth.ai/blog/mistral-benchmark), I already undertstood the theory. I also need to porve that based on my own code.

This most important thing I have learnt in this week is I finally understand why llm-accelerate projects can work. Most of code of llm design and writed for common ustage, right now, loss function or transformers are used for million times with same format. As a result, we can make this code and theory more specific and make it can make the current network and task well, changing common function and theory to specific one always can improve the efficiency of training and finetune.

### YouTube
I upload two videos about the solutions of leetcode problem this week, it have plenty of benefits, for example, practicing my english speaking ability, prepare for english interview, try to be a youtuber.

### Daily
+ 9.9: running, prepare huggingface token
+ 9.10: reproduce code, but result is different, maybe cause is the random seed
+ 9.11: read related HN post and blogs about unsloth
+ 9.12: read fast_crossEntropyLoss code to understand why it works
+ 9.13: Try to solve another issue but failed
+ 9.14: publish PopTranslate
+ 9.15: Rest

# Personal life

### Reading
+ [alphaxiv](https://www.alphaxiv.org/): it's perfect for both idea and value
+ [Front-end UI](https://github.com/shadcn-ui/ui): many great design even typescript
+ [so many post tools with AI](https://scripe.io/?ref=producthunt)

### Exercise

Runing five time this week, half hour every time, it's a good start, If I can insist on this week, maybe I should price me some equipments.

### Thought

1) unsloth also reference some other paper, there are plenty works can be done about this topic, it's also hard, I think it's worth it.

2) publish new project is a great think, I can receive thank for others even it's a small thank. Own proejct can give me a feeling of children, it's totally different.

# This week
- [ ] Focuse on unsloth: less than expectation
    - [x] PR
    - [x] Reproduce
    - [ ] Know the theory of acceleration and product a essay
- [ ] Reading: spend some time on papers
- [x] Exercise: Running in the mornings: better than expectation
- [x] Social account

# Next week
+ Focuse on unsloth
    + Validation of thought
    + Know more 
    + Try new thought
+ Reading more
+ Exercise
+ Produce more valued content