---
layout: default
title: learning english in September
---

# 9.5

Yesterday, I take a deep talk with my friendly boss, she will take care more of my colleague, so, I can spend more time on myself thing. It's great for me. 

I watch a video about travling, their english are great, I think I can't travling like them now. I also want I can speak english like them, that is more free. There will be more thing I can do, more place I can go, more work I can do, more person I can be friend with. Think back, I don't have much friend now, Maybe because I don't like have make friends? I don't know. Maybe I have much thing to learn. Maybe I don't have much time because of this work. So, If I can only work for eight hours, everything will be better. english is the most important part of change work.

I must have a plan for learning english, I have three to five month to learn it. after five month, I should try find the new work. the time is enough for me in  theory. I should spend more time in that.

# 9.9

Yesterday, one of my colleague have married recently, She invite some of colleague to have launch, we talk much about life, work, marriage for long time,  till to one clock in the morning, talking will make people happy, this let me remember some words I have read long time ago, relationship with families and friends is the keypoint to decide how happy you will be.

I also don't know what I like most like, what I most want do, I speed so much time to seek, But the result is disappointing. what make me happy is english, I still can spend more time in the english.

The only achievement of seeking is data analysis of hacknews, data analysis is the advanage of my ability, what I need to do is think more about this project, I need seek some point that worth analysising.

# 9.16

I student have a idea about learning english, just learning is dull for most people, if we can set some interesting goal to achieve with learning English, it's much easy to learn. specifically, we can list some picture to make learner to describe it, publish some task to let learner solve that, they can imporove english skill when solving these problem.

I find some public image api from gihub and get three product.

https://pixabay.com/api/docs/

https://unsplash.com/developers

https://wallhaven.cc/help/api

But, Even I have some picture, It's still hard to complete this work. I must buy a server and request the api to get image, then, push the picture to telegram channel or discord, after that, I can describe that at any time.

before do that, I think I should try some picture and test if it really work for leaning english or if I can insist on it.

I should try some image first.
