---
layout: default
title: learning english in August
---

# 8.16

Recently, I start learning english again, I find a learning english YouTube channel from a tg group, yestarday, I read the same video of this channel in my road from home to work for about forty-minutes, This is the first time I do one thing in my road for so long time, I think this video is very great. Maybe it's the result of so many people want learn enlish.

This video taught me a lot. First, I should write junery every day in english to describe my thought, I'm much agree with this thougt in the past time, I think if you want learn speaking, you must lean writing first. wriing can give you enough time to organize your ideas and express that, but speaking can't give you much time. reading and listening is a slow process, you must do that for a long time, after you have the ability of writing, reading, listening, you can speaking well naturally. you don't need write much, just insist on do that every day, at least five minutes, habit is very important.

Second, you should talk something in english with a camera toward to you, you should watch your video after you finish talking, you can get your disadvantage of you speaking, then correct it by youself. Maybe it's awkward but I think it's a good method to import the ability of speaking, even i haven't try it. There are mant thing you can talk, yourself, your friends, thing in your room, thing happend yesterday, thing you want do today.

Third, I don't remember...but, there are 7 points in this video, I will watch that again today.

I will do the first one thing every day in my plan, But I only have time in the morning, so, the much thing I writed happend yesterday.

English is common skill in the world, the hardest part of leaning english is insisting on leaning.

# 8.19

In the past few days, I'm very busy at work, There are three group cheater in my work, I'm busy to stop them from obtaining illegal benifits from my company. In a sense, they are not only enemy but also friends in the anti-fraud field. we must fight each other to improve our ability. I come home from company at eleven o'clock very night in recent three days and fall in sleep at one clock, I also must get up eight o'clock in the morning because my girl friend must get up at that time to work. I'm tired in recent days, I want take a day off but I'm too busy to do that.

I have some free time to do my thing until today, so I writing something again in english.

when I writing some specific thing about myself, it's hard to write, because I have litter word and phrase to use,  learning language is a slow thing, everyone can't learnt a new language in short time, again, insisting is ths most important  thing in the road of learning language.

Also, the useful method of learning english is imitating, I can imitating other word or phrase or sentence, when I can use them skillful, I get it. so, reading is the base of writing.

I often read The Economists in the subway from home to company, I'm thinking if I can intensive read The Economists and share and translate the chinese version, share and writing point, I will get some positive feedback from that to get more power to reading The Economists.

The most people are clever, But a few people can insist on something. The key point is getting positive feedback in the early stage of things. The positive feedback can help you insisting on doing something.

Reading and sharing english magazine is a great idea, it worth considering.
