---
layout: default
title: English Diary in May
---

I start learning english with a plan, I don't have writing task everyday, so, I think this place will become my Enlish Diary to make me writing something everyday in english.

# 5.8
The hourse I rent now will be out of date in june, I looked for the next apartment for my girlfriend and I, of course, my gf is the main memeber to stay in the new apartment. It is a complex process to pick a suitable apartment, we look six apartment but niether of that is suitable for us.

In the afternoon, The learning process is hard, I can't help to play my Phone when I am learning. Anyway, I still finish my reading task today, in the evening, I ride my electric bike to take my gf back home, the air temperature make the weather great, I am also full of satisfaction because of the finished task in the afternoon, That moment make the hard process in the afternoon worthwhile. It will be better tomorrow. Good night.

# 5.11
The day before yesterday, I finish a ielts reading task, thereafter, I read the translation carefully. The essay says a story about art, specificly, it talk about the painting. For most people, we always go to museum to enjoy the famouse painting when we want to see some. But for novel, we don't usually look the original handwriting version, instead of that, we will read the copy version of that. Nowdays, the copy technology is good enough to copy a painting with all characteristic. The essay express that the owner of original painting is one of the reason to encourge perple to enjon orginal painting instead of copy version, that can keep the value of original, not just owner of painting, the owner of museum, relative to original painting may all have this thought. 

I don't know if this message is true or not, what impress me deeply is that there are so much critical thought and essay when I read english essay. Critical thinking is helpful for seeking facts and essiential for the society.

# 5.12
Finally, my body total recover from the trip to huang mountain. restart to running today even it don't last long time.

# 5.14
Today, I already studyed with a cycle plan, subsequently, I reviewed what I learned in the last seven days, I find that I don't learn that well, I don't have enough patience when I did some task. This plan is not good enough, at least is not suitable for me.

Tomorrow, I will change my learning plan of preparing my IELTS test, hope next plan is better.

# 5.17
Since quit from job, I don't have much press in daily life and always made heated and much long dream when sleep in night. I feel so tried after I wake up every morning, It made the bad effect to my whole day. I search much solution about this problem, finally I find a effective one. I will read book rather than playing Phone half hour before I go to sleep, that will make me have just a little dream, what's more, The dream I had is not so heated, that make feel better in the whole day.

The original plan is finish a set IELTS test everyday, of course I can't do that much actually. Every time I finish one of the four parts task, I will give myself a break, That's why I write these words. Writing words is better watching short video at least.

# 5.19 
I was burned by boiling water, it ached so much at that moment because you can run away from that pian. We went go hospital immediately and doctor give me some treat. Today it become better, but there are some bubbles on my right arms, I must update the drugs on my right arms a few times in the next few days. What a special experience.

# 5.20
One of the most important skill about english listen is you can understand the meaning of a sentence when don't need read it again, This is also a big characteristic of speaing, you can only listen essay one time.In reading, I can still practice the skill, I can mind myself to read to sentence one time, don't read it back again. This's also useful to make you read artical more quick.

Learning ielts reading passages really expand my horizon, in most situation, only male deer have antlers and female don't have, that's is part of the reason I give a wrong answer for one question.

# 5.23
Stop update the Top Hacker News from today

# 5.24
I'm stay on the life with enough time for almost a month, I still spend much time on social media, that can not bring me satisfaction. I think I was tired of watching news on social media already, since yesterday, I control myself against the news on social media, I feel better rencent two days. Keep insist on that.